RPC sidecar changes (#4491)
casper-network/casper-node: node/BINARY_PORT_PROTOCOL.md

| 4               | LengthOfRequest | Length of the request being responded to                                |
| LengthOfRequest | RequestBytes    | The request being responded to encoded as bytes                         |
| 12              | ProtocolVersion | Protocol version as a u32 triplet (major, minor, patch)                 |
| 1               | ErrorCode       | Error code, where 0 indicates success                                   |
| 1-2             | PayloadTag      | Optional payload type tag (first byte being 1 indicates that it exists) |
| ...             | Payload         | Payload to be interpreted according to `PayloadTag`                     |

`BinaryResponseAndRequest` object can be bytesrepr-deserialized from these bytes.

**Notes:** `...` means that the payload size is variable in size and depends on the tag.

## Versioning
Every version of the protocol follows a standard SemVer MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH scheme.

The protocol supports **backwards-compatible** changes to some parts of the request/response model. These are allowed to change between **MINOR** versions and they're listed below:
- addition of new [`RequestTag`](#request-format) with it's own payload

> - addition of new [`PayloadTypeTag`](#response-format) with it's own payload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- addition of new [`RequestTag`](#request-format) with its own payload
- addition of new [`PayloadTypeTag`](#response-format) with its own payload
```

Author: done

- addition of new [`DbId`](#request-model-details)
- addition of new [`ErrorCode`](#response-format)

Implementations of the protocol can handle requests/responses with a different **MINOR** version than their own. It is possible that they receive a payload they don't support if their version is lower. In that case they should respond with an error code indicating the lack of support for the given payload (`ErrorCode::UnsupportedRequest`).

Other changes to the protocol such as changes to the format of existing requests/responses or removal of existing requests/responses are only allowed between **MAJOR** versions. Implementations of the protocol should not handle requests/responses with a different **MAJOR** version than their own and immediately respond with an error code indicating the lack of support for the given version (`ErrorCode::UnsupportedRequest`).

Changes to the envelopes (the request/response headers) are not allowed.

## Request model details
There are currently 3 supported types of requests, but the request model can be extended with new variants according to the [versioning](#versioning) rules. The request types are:

> - `Get` request, which is either one of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Get` request, which is one of:
```

Author: done

    - `Db` request asking for a database item with an [**extensible**](#versioning) `DbId` tag and a key
    - `NonPersistedData` request asking for a transient piece of data with a `NonPersistedData` query
    - `State` request asking for an item from the global state by a key, a state root hash and a path
    - `AllValues` request asking for all values in the global state under a given key tag and a state root hash (disabled by default in the node config)
    - `Trie` request asking for a trie with a hash (disabled by default in the node config)
- `TryAcceptTransaction` request a transaction to be accepted and executed

> - `TrySpeculativeExec` request a transaction to be speculatively executed

Reviewer: I haven't seen if this is the case yet, but I think we should also disable speculative exec by default in the node config too, in which case I guess we should add that in brackets here too.

Author: it's not the case, might be worth talking to @rafal-ch about it

Reviewer 2: Yes, it's not in the current scope. The other two were given the ability to be disabled due to the fact that they can potentially generate a huge responses and clog the node.

I'm ok with enabling more fine-grained configuration. However, if we want ot be able to enable/disable more than two requests I'd consider introducing a proper, generic mechanism for this (because right now it's a simple if in the handler, and copy&pasting it to more requests will be error prone).

Again, we might request a separate ticket for this.

Reviewer: I'm fine also leaving this for a separate PR, but I'd consider that ticket a release-blocker.
